Maplike and Setlike objects in Map and Set (#27160)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcstatsreport/index.md

The **`RTCStatsReport`** interface of the [WebRTC API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API) provides a statistics report for a {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection")}}, {{domxref("RTCRtpSender")}}, or {{domxref("RTCRtpReceiver")}}.

> The report is a read-only [`Map`-like object](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map#map-like_objects), in which each key is an identifier for an object for which statistics are being reported, and the corresponding value is a dictionary object providing the statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `RTCStatsReport` instance is a read-only [`Map`-like object](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map#map-like_objects), in which each key is an identifier for an object for which statistics are being reported, and the corresponding value is a dictionary object providing the statistics.
```

> A `RTCStatsReport` instance is a read-only [`Map`-like object](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map#map-like_objects), in which each key is an identifier for an object for which statistics are being reported, and the corresponding value is a dictionary object providing the statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `RTCStatsReport` instance is a read-only [`Map`-like object](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map#map-like_objects), in which each key is an identifier for an object for which statistics are being reported, and the corresponding value is a dictionary object providing the statistics.
```
